Wish I could have a cup of coffee and a hug right now,Nice to read your profile and i hope i'm not mistaken taking this bold step to write you first.. i believe that friendship and love can be found anywhere in the globe... as far as commitment, love, understanding is there... I admire your profile and i will like to know more about u,how are you coping with this facebook? here is my email if you dont mind a chat with me on my private email robby_david@yahoo.com,you can drop me your email if you dont mind a chat as well
Tell me more about your self..
robby

My Queen,
 
How are you doing at work?...  am missing you so much.My feelings are growing stronger and stronger every minute. You confide in me. That melts me inside. No one has ever in my life talked to me about their hurts and sorrows and I love that. We both have gone through so much, and I feel like I relate to you on a much higher level than I have ever felt before. We have the same interests and the same likes. I know I am a person that needs gratification, and you have make me happy every way.
I think that if we take our time and do everything right, this love could blossom into a fairytale romance. All I ask - and I know I have said it before – is that you be true to me and be true to yourself. I have put all my trust in you, and I have opened every fiber of my being to you and only you. I will say i don't care about looks but you look so beauty to me than anything in this world, but I am after a love that will give me a reason to breathe. I want a future wife in my life, someone to hold, confide in, laugh with, cry with; someone I can watch football with,sit and crack jokes in our house with,someone we can share the word of God together, fish with, walk along the beach at night with. I want it. I deserve it, as do you. I sincerely hope that you feel the same as I do about you.
You are beautiful, you leave me speechless, you turn tears into happy bliss, you make bad things seem not so bad. You astonish me and you brighten every aspect of my life.  it’s amazing that we’ve grown so close in such a short amount of time. The feelings blossomed rapidly and I don't want to lose that. I have fallen madly in love with you. You are everything and more than what I have dreamed of my entire life. You would make me happier than the richest person in the world by sharing your love with me.
I know I am not perfect, but I do have goals in my life. I take good care of myself and Dammy down here. I am honest, sincere, and true, and I have a lot of love to give if you are willing to be on the receiving end. Please take this to heart, Baby; I LOVE YOU
I know that they say absence makes the heart grow fonder. I go to bed thinking about you every night waiting for the moment I can hear from you. I don't know this feeling - I have never experienced it. I want you by my side. I could never get tired of being near you whether on the phone, through emails or talking in person. I missed you more than words can say. I genuinely love you.
Love always,
Your King.