
When one finds a worthy wife, her value is far beyond pearls. Her husband entrusting his heart to her, has an unfailing prize."
Proverbs 31:10-11


So they are no longer two but one flesh. Therefore what God has joined together, no human being must separate."
Mark 10 2-16
When one finds a worthy wife, her value is far beyond pearls. Her husband entrusting his heart to her, has an unfailing prize."
Proverbs 31:10-11


So they are no longer two but one flesh. Therefore what God has joined together, no human being must separate."
Mark 10 2-16


I may be able to speak the languages of human beings and even of angels, but if I have no love, my speech is no more than a noisy gong or a clanging bell. I may have the gift of inspired preaching; I may have all knowledge and understand all secrets; I may have the faith needed to move mountains-but if I have no love, I am nothing. I may give away everything I have, and even give up my body to be burned-but if I have no love, this does me no good."
1 Corinthians, 13:1-13


"May the Lord make your love increase and overflow for each other and for everyone else.1 Thessalonians 3:12"



"Love never fails. But where there are propheccies, they will cease; where there are tongues, they will be stilled; where there is knowledge, it will pass away."
1 Corinthians 14:1


The few hours I spend with you are worth the thousand hours I spend without you!"


As the lily among thorns, so is my love among the daughters. As the apple tree among the trees of the wood, so is my beloved among the sons. I sat down under his shadow with great delight, and his fruit was sweet to my taste."
Song of Solomon 2:2,3


"Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth: for thy love is better than wine."
Song of Solomon 1:2


Always be joyful."
the Bible, 2 Thess. 5:16


Love comes from a pure heart and a good conscience and a sincere faith."
1 Timothy 1:5


Until the angels close my eyes, I can't imagine seeing life without you


But blessed are your eyes, because they see, and your ears, because they hear."The Bible, Matthew 13:16


Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends."If I cannot love ... I am nothing."
St. John, Chapter 15, Verse 13
Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen." Hebrews 11:1



Above all else, guard thy heart for it is the wellspring of life."
Proverbs 4:23



here are three things that remain - faith, hope, and love - and the greatest of these is love."
Paul/1 Corinthians 13:13


Two are better than one, because they have a good return for their work: If one falls down, his friend can help him up. But pity the man who falls and has no one to help him up! Also, if two lie down together, they will keep warm. But how can one keep warm alone? The one may be overpowered, two can defend themselves."
Ecclesiastes 4:9-12


Pleasant words are as a honeycomb, sweet to the soul, and healthy to the bones."
Proverbs 16:24


Come let us take our fill of love until the morning: let us solace ourselves with loves."
Proverbs 7:18



Put me as a sign on your heart, as a sign on your arm; love is strong as death, and wrath bitter as the underworld: its coals are coals of fire; violent are its flames."
Solomon Song of Songs


May the Lord bless you and keep you. May His light be always with thee. May He keep you safe from harm, and shield you from all wrong. May He grant you His peace. May He guide you on your way. Bring you joy with each new day."The Benediction

"Every time you cross my mind, I break out in exclamations of thanks to God."
Philippians 1:3; 


I found the one my heart loves."
Song of Solomon 3:4


There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear."
I John. IV. 18


Many waters cannot quench love, neither can the floods drown it."song Of Solomon 8:7


"My beloved is mine and I am his."
Song of Solomon 2:16


Let us not love with words or tongue, but with actions and in truth."
1 John 3:18


"Nobody should seek his own good, but the good of others."
1 Corinthians 10:24


Love is patient. Love is kind. It does not envy. It does not boast. It is not proud. It is not rude. It is not self-seeking. It is not easily angered. It keeps no record of wrong doing. It does not delight in evil, but rejoices in the truth. It always protects, trusts, hopes, perseveres."
Corinthians 13


As a face reflects in water, so the heart reflects the real person."
Proverbs 27:19


6792. ""Like an apricot tree among the trees of the forest,so is you my love among young men,i delight to sit in your shade & your fruit is sweet to my taste.""
Song of solomon


"Like an apricot tree among the trees of the forest,so is you my love among young men,i delight to sit in your shade & your fruit is sweet to my taste.""