Hello Its another day today and i am still seeking for the right woman of my heart to come, your profile sounds great, hope mine is ditto. Can we get to know each other? Please feel free to write me back and also send me your email address for better conversation.
Thanks.


About Me.

Hello 

Thanks for the response. I will like to use this opportunity to tell you some more about me. My name is Alexander Charles Michael. You can call me (Alex) I will be 55 years old in March 29. I am a widower, I work in Oil and Gas company. I seek LTR  ( Long time relationship) and do not mind a LDR ( Long distance relationship ) to achieve this; though the distance i feel its up to both of us to determine if we gonna be or not. Sincere love doesn't count the miles, it's measured by the heart,if distance were measured in terms of the heart we'd never be more than a minute apart but hey, like I said, distance means so little when you love someone so much, and its up to us to determine if we gonna be together or not, and its worth a try. I was once married to a loving, caring, honest and sincere woman until death came and took her away from me; i lost my wife 10 years ago in an auto accident. I have a daughter, She is all i have for now. Her name is Sandra, she is loving and intelligent hard of Hearing. I have a kind heart and I have a lot of love in my heart to give it to my beloved woman. Am optimistic and do hope a day would come I would see a woman that will fill my life with sunny rays of happy family life. Though we have good and bad habits, we would have to share it together and accommodate each other, that way we would be in-separable. I will do my best to create warm tender atmosphere and special coziness where one can feel comfortable, i like people that are free and express themselves easily. My ambition is to inspire my beloved woman constantly, to help her to keep the balance between career and private life, just as she would also inspire me to do good. Love is most paramount for me, i need a companion to share my life with, who wants to create a strong family. I want to take long walks with her and share what life has in stall for us both joy and sorrow. I'd like to look up to her as an authority for me, be proud of her, adore her, be supportive, she would have my devotion, understanding,kindness, care, calmness, cheerfulness,soul support and my great love. I expect to get all these traits from her too in return, Everyone wants something good for themselves, or don't you wish yourself well? i want something good for me and my kid, that's why I've been kinda single for a while. I am aware lots of guys would actually tell you they are loving. kind, honest, blah blah and when you meet them they are completely opposite lol, well babe am not a cliche, i can't tell you how good i am or how loving i am i have to show it, and that's what am all out to do. There are so many interesting things about me, i am really fun to be with, and am hoping a special person like you would compliment me. I will be waiting to read back from you.A little more about me: I am intelligent, smart, honest, i don't smoke, but drink socially and NOT to get drunk lol, i also have a good sense of humor. I love to make others laugh and like to laugh too. Pscheww looks like i have typed away, i would love to know more about you too, please describe yourself, dreams, aspirations and feel free to tell me anything about you, meanwhile i would love to know the following:
Are you still married? For i would NEVER date a married woman, for i know i would not like it if someone was wooing my wife.
How long have you been on FB ?
What do you seek from FB?
What do you do for a living?
How many kids do you have and how old are they?
Do they live with you?
Do you have any pets?
I would want you to attach some pictures of you in your reply...

Edwin





More About Me..

Hi ,

Thanks for the message, its great to read from you once again and trust me i am really happy we are on the same wavelength. I feel its important at this junction to let you know the personality of whom you writing to. I studied Engineering in University of Indiana Indianapolis, my main field is in Mechanical Engineering, i do know how to Construct and assemble Power Plants, Generating Transformers, Bridges, Routers, Cells, Inverter, etc but that is not what i do for a living as i already said in my last message.. I was born in Italy, but relocated to Lansford Pennsylvania. My son Lewis live in Dallas Texas but will be coming to live with me as soon as i'm fully settled here, He wants to study Architecture, he has a passion for Buildings, sky crappers etc. we both are men of art i guess lol.

I travel alot because of my work and i have been to all 20 states and also out of the states. I have plans to retire when im 62 Years, not as strong as i used to be,and moreover i think i have made quite a great deal of fortune, both in knowledge and in wealth but i do lack one thing: Am without LOVE. I guess the death of my wife also took a toll on me and also turned me to a workaholic, so i wouldn't think about it so much. I am over that now, and ready to move on, need a comforter and a true companion, and not the stress of work. A fun Saturday for me is to visit the Hermann wineries when the weather is nice. One of my favorite vacations was taking a helicopter ride and horseback riding in the Grand Canyon,although i've not been engaged in my usual activities.

Am sure you might have pondered why i was born in Italy, lol my dads originally Italian and my mom's from Texas. I am the only son of my Parents and My parents passed away 25 years ago.Its just me, my son Lewis and my Aunt. Well concerning sexuality, i am not a promiscuous man, my desire is to be sexually faithful to the woman I marry. If two people love each other and will communicate on their likes and dislikes about their partner's sexual behavior, I believe many problems can be resolved. Looking good is what i spend most of my time doing. I need real love. I don't play games and am not ready to be played. Distance is not a problem. If I find the right woman. I don't mind relocating as long as I find the right woman; and i hope you feel the same way vice versa. I will like to know you better because I like to have the woman who is ready to spend the rest of her life with me and start our sweet family! Life is too short to play games. I am a very busy one lol.

My Belief is there's one woman out there that can help me find that Love and affection again. Someone who is Understanding, Kind, good sense of Humor, Loving, caring, honest, sincere, passionate and affectionate, The Bible says" Seek the Kingdom of God first and every other thing shall be added on to you" I've sort the kingdom so I'm waiting for my Dream woman and i believe when i have a woman that is honest and caring, she wouldn't hurt my feelings and emotion which i have for her; that why i have been patient and waited this long. Most people doesn't know what it take to hurt another ones feelings and emotion and how it feels so I'm not into playing games.

I am a religious person, i attend a Pentecostal Church, i like to work out and i am very active, i do Martial Arts too, karate,Judo, its just a way of exercising. I do Yoga to soothe my body and mind, visit the spa also. I am Very much considerate and thoughtful of others, Absolutely i treat others as you would like to be treated,I don't lose my temper very often; rarely,I love to Read, listen to music, or watch a movie when am alone. Favorite Countries Asia, France, and Australia, I like cooking, i eat anything and everything from sea food to Mexican, like Taco a lot. I am Extremely patient, and romantic, I have so much to give the right woman, she would never question my emotions, i wear them on my sleeves.

I love unconditionally; i feel there's no other way to being true with your partner. What's more important to me love or money? Love, but money makes it easier, I love the beach, i find it so peaceful and calming. Some of my most cherished memories are there. Kindly send me some pics of you I will like to see more of you and I will love to know more about you too.

Hope to read from you soon.

Edwin





I am really happy i got a response.

Thanks for the mail, I am really happy i got a response. I know you would have read more about me in the previous message. I know I will be hoping to meet you soon, I must confess that I love the way you express yourself in your messages and i will like to know if there is anything i haven't told you and you wish to know, please feel free to ask. I love everything you write in your messages. I really get lonely at night so i work for long hours so as not to think or feel bad about my present situation. I am sure I am very close to the end of the situation. I feel that special woman that I am looking for is really close to me now. I am not trying to shop for women as I hate head games, I seek LTR like i told you earlier. I am searching for that woman that would make me feel complete. The woman that would be there for me all the time both in the happy and the sad moments of live. I have only loved once and I want to love again since my late wife has passed some years ago I have never dated any women.

I want a woman that I would be able to share both my good and bad experiences with. A woman that we would both love each other for the rest of our lives. I can understand that you have been through a lot. For now, I would like to know what you like in a man, I mean what you expect from a man, how you expect him to behave and how you expect him to treat you. I think I have stated that I am looking for a long term relationship and I am not ready to settle for less. I am not into casual relationships; i drive a Porsche 2008 Cayanne, i call her "P8" lol. I enjoy going to the movies Very Much,live theater, karaoke Its great!, I enjoy walking in the park its makes me think and appreciate nature. I like sports watching  Football (i.e Soccer ) I and My Son Lewis are a very great Fan to FC Barcelona of Spain,Baseball and NFL, favorite team is Pittsburgh Steelers, i play Golf.

What's are your favorite things?: cars, sports etc I enjoy classic and country from the 80s &90s also do R&B music,My three favorite movies Sound of Music, As Good As It Gets, The Lake House, My favorite actor is Bruce Willis, i also like Sean Cornery but he's retired so i stick with Willis i guess, favorite actress Julia Roberts, My favorite singer Barry Manilow, If am were granted one wish, what I will ask is a True Love.
My three favorite movies Sound of Music, As Good As It Gets, The Lake House, My favorite actor is Bruce Willis, i also like Sean Cornery but he's retired so i stick with Willis i guess, favorite actress Julia Roberts, My favorite singer Barry Manilow, If am were granted one wish, what I will ask is a True Love.
.
Basically that's all on me for now unless if you're willing to know more, then you can ask!. meanwhile I'll love to know more about yourself also.


When dining out what food do you enjoy?
How much do you enjoy a walk on the beach?
How much do you like reading?
Do you enjoy going to the movies?
Which sports do you most enjoy watching?
What car do you Drive?
What type of music do you prefer?
Do you exercise regularly?
Are you considerate and thoughtful of others?
How often do you lose your temper?
What do you do when you're alone?
When you go anywhere are you usually on time?
How often do you like to go out?

Well that's all about me for now, I would wait to read from you.

Edwin









I have been thinking about you since yesterday



Thanks for the immediate response. I understand we need time to talk to each other and get to know much more about each other.I have been thinking about you since yesterday that I read from you. I can see we are looking for the same things. Love is a noble act of self-giving, offering trust, faith, and loyalty. The more you love, the more you loose a part of yourself, yet you don't become less of who you are, you end up being complete with your loved ones.Don't just love him, but show him,As food is needed for the body, them same way love is needed for the soul. Food strengthens the body while love strengths the soul. A person is incomplete without love,I don't believe in love at first sight anymore, I cried too much over it to believe in it, I think I need glasses to see accurately 'cause I can never really see the right one for me,well am very happy meeting you,i have been lonely for years just because i don't wanna meet the wrong woman,i will be very happy to come over to you,i just hope you are not playing with my heart.

I want a woman that is loving and caring. A woman that would love me for me and always be there for me both in the time of sorrow and in the time of happiness. A woman that would give me a shoulder to cry on when I am sad, and laugh with me when I am happy. I have all these in folds and I am ready to return them to that special woman. I am a God fearing man, A one woman's man to say. I don't play games and I feel we are both matures and we don't need to bit around the bush any more. I believe one thing in life that there is no one in life that is perfect, only that we need to make the best out of what ever we've got. It is quite obvious that we are looking for the same thing in a partner and here we are together. I feel it is the right time for me to quit my search and stay with you. I can imagine a better future ahead of us. I hope I am not getting too forward for you but I am saying my mind. I feel it is high time for me to love and be loved again. What do you feel about that? Waiting to read from you. 

Porter

I am really anxious

Hello,

I rushed to my computer to come and look for your message. I am really anxious to see what you have for me in the message plus what I have in mind that I want to send to you. After reading your message over and over, I have been thinking about something and I am finding it difficult to put them into words as I am considering myself to be anxious. Its quite obvious that we are looking for the same thing in a partner and here we are together. I feel it is the the best time for us to find love and quite loneliness. On one hand, I feel "the patient dog eat the fattest bone like that says" and on the other hand I feel the earlier the better as I like what I have seen and it is what I have been looking for. You may be wondering about what I have seen despite that we have not meet yet, what I have seen in you is internal beauty and that is what I have been looking for. Although, physical attraction is necessary but not really important to me. I believe internal beauty is the best. I learned so many things in your previous messages that made me imagine what it would be like to be beside you. You may feel that we don't know much about each other but I feel the ones we know are the basics and even if we stay on the same street, we can never know everything about each other. In life we live to know more everyday.
I feel this is the best time for me to love and be loved again and how about you? I imagine a brighter future for both of us. I hope I am not too forward or being pushy but I am only pouring my mind. I'm the most excited soul on earth reading such a wonderful ,Very sweet and passionate letter from you..You indeed sound so wonderful and so compassionate..I don't ever believe i could meet someone sweet and great like you in my life...I felt for you right from the first day i saw your profile..You look so great and so passionate ,I never believe i could be this lucky to meet someone like you... You make me so happy in just a little time and i will be so glad if you can have the same feelings as i do.. I felt for you right from the start.
Lots of Love



Searching for your Email
I just see myself keep searching for your email and believe me i am getting so acquainted to you . The bad things in life open your eyes to the good things you weren't paying attention to before....Love is not about finding the right person, but creating a right relationship. It's not about how much love you have in the beginning but how much love you build till the end....If it is meant to be, our hearts will find each other when we meet. And if our hearts melt together so will our bodies and souls. Then every word and every touch will fuel our passion flame. I will be yours, you will be mine, and we will be one....What is more important to you the love you share, the memories you have or the lover?

Ever since we started sending the recent messages we've sent to each other...I've been so much thinking about you and to be sincere i am thinking about you.Wow! So here I stand, among the digital masses. We're not so different after all. Here I stand,surrounded by people who've met on-line, People who've loved and lost, and people who are found, and somehow, in a desperate world, found each other. So what do I say that hasn't already been written, or been already said? Hmmm, pretty tough! Okay... try this: I no longer need to hope for love by going to bars,supermarkets,church, chat rooms, etc. I don't have to search for love, since i have found you.I prayed for a miracle, wished for an angel, and God brought me heaven here on earth, and thats you.

Thanks for coming into my life.
Hugs and Kisses



Ingridents To Any True Relationship

Dearest  Love,

Just thought I would share with you some of MY thoughts on Relationships: I believe that the ideal relationship must have three very important elements, TRUST, RESPECT and PASSION. Trust is very important because it is what makes one comfortable, knowing that their partner will always be faithful and honest, jealousy is the opposite of trust and is the seed of destruction, without trust a good relationship cannot exist. Respect, both parties must respect each others as equals and never try to gain an unfair advantage over the other one, many relationships go on for years with one party always dominating the other, but sooner or later the other party resents this and love is lost. And then there’s passion, this is the fireworks that go off when two people are in love, it’s the chemistry, it’s the touching and caressing that everyone needs and shows your partner that you really do care. Many relationships begin with only the physical attraction but they must have trust and respect to endure.It's very rare when you have all three, but it's wonderful. Just as music soothes the mind, so love is needed to soothe the soul.Hope to hear from you soon.

Love



What Love Is To Me

Darling Love,

I am happy to read from you again. I just see myself keep searching for your email and believe me I am getting so acquainted to you . Ever since we started sending the recent messages we've sent to each other. I have been thinking about you and to be sincere you are always in my thought and imaginations.
Since the first time that I viewed your profile, I have felt a great impulsion on me and ever since then I have been thinking about you, I thought you might be an end to my search or to say a realization of my dreams because you are just what I am looking for, when keep reading from you, I can feel it that my dream is becoming a reality.this is what I have been searching for and I would not trade this for anything in the whole world, So I want to see where this go and being a one woman's man, I will give this a total chance and I am sure it would take me where I want .

Love is like planting a seed and should grow as the relationship grows. Again LOVE to me is the result of absolute trust, mutual respect for one another and passion, That feeling of wanting to be with your lover. It's Fireworks, It's the feeling that you would climb the highest mountain for, swim the deepest ocean for and the comfort of knowing he cares about you also. If you could see inside my soul, see inside my heart you would know how I long to see you and sit with you. If you could see inside my head, if thoughts were things to see you would know how I cherish you and how much you mean to me. You found me when I felt there is no more hope. Made me happy when I thought all happiness are gone. You mean so much to me and I really want to make you happy and make you feel like a QUEEN all the time. I really want to thank you for coming into my life.

Bye For Now



When I was a little boy,

At this point i will have love to talk to you over the phone but My Home phone is connected to internet on dial up and my cell phone is bad but i have already ordered for a new one and they said it will get to me in some days So when I get it,I will be dedicated to you.Since i first viewed your profile, I felt a great impulsion on me and ever since then i have been thinking about you ,you are an end to my search or to say a realization of my dreams because you are just what i am looking for and you know when i keep reading from you, i feel you drawing closer and closer to me, and thats coming to be true and i pray and hope it does. I will go on the site and delete my profile because this is what i have been searching for the past years and i would not trade this for the whole world, so i want to see where this go and being a one man woman, i will give this my absolute 100% devotion and i am sure it will take me to where i want .

I hope you have done the same and delete your profile on the site to see where we go from here so we can concentrate on each other and see what we have for each other...When I was a little boy,I dream't  of that one special person that I would share my dreams, happiness and energy with ... I could not see her face but she was there. I always felt like she was out there, I just needed to feel her. I visualized the bond we would have and the courage she would give me to endure life's obstacles. All these years I was with others, and feeling my way through life, learning lessons that later on would prepare me to become the man that I am now. I have felt alone and sad. Then one day my eyes opened and I became that little boy again ... realizing that she is here now. Here in my world is the woman in my dreams.

Life is a Journey Meant to be shared; and i would share my journey with no-one apart from one special love, and that woman is you.

Awaiting to read from you soonest




My Vision To You   


Dear Love,

The miracle of life shone in front of my eyes when you entered my life. Nothing can be compared to this feeling of filling up somebody's life. The excitement which tortures me while waiting for you to send me an email, the sweet emails that keep me awake even when I'm exhausted to death, because I wouldn't miss a thing. The feeling that you know every corner of my heart. All these things are the most beautiful signs of my love for you.every single word you say is a part of my soul,when I am writing to you; you always make me feel needed.most of all you make me feel safe, emotionally and mentally. Thank you for being part of my life. I'm very happy with you and I could not ask for a better woman than you. Thank you for being an exceptional woman - you are one of a kind
There is so much I want to tell you, a lot has been running through my head lately. I'm having trouble putting my thoughts into words so you will have to bare with me through this.I keep thinking about the future, about life, and what I want out of it. I keep thinking about us and what this relationship means to me.* I keep thinking about these things and I realize they go hand in hand. This relationship is my future; it's what I want out of life.

Here are a few things I wish to do with you at some point in this lifetime: Be your best friend, i want to grow old with you. I want to experience this crazy love forever and ever, and I really think I'm going to get it. I want us to walk through new houses picking the one that would be just right for us. I want to see you walk around our house in a big t-shirt and catch me staring at how gorgeous you are. I want you to pull the covers off me at night and then I have to get even closer, if it's possible, to you to keep warm. I want to see you laugh like crazy at me when I do stupid stuff.Blindfold you and take you somewhere romantic. Spend my life making you happy. Spend my life making our family happy. Feel your heartbeat. Go roller/ice skating together. Give you a backrub just because. ALWAYS being honest with each other. Go hiking/camping together. Have our first fight, make up and feel a stronger bond because we very successfully weathered the storm - together. Laugh at someone together. Share a plate of spaghetti. Go on a fun family vacation and bring back the kind of memories movies are made of. Treat you like my QUEEN, Envelope you in my soul.Look over at you during an office/military/family party and have you know without me saying a word - that I love you. Be able to say "I love you" in 89 different ways - in 89 different countries. Hold you when you're at your saddest and comfort you when you need it the most. Be the one you come to for that comfort and holding. Wipe away the days' stresses and issues, with just one hug/kiss.

Get caught with you in the rain. Dance with you in the rain. Stargaze on a clear night. Watch the sunset together. Spend all day with you doing nothing. Moonlit walks on the beach. Be more proud of you than I already am at this very moment. Go on a carriage ride through the park. Do a crossword together. Go to brunch. Have a disagreement (it could/will only make us stronger). Go for a twilight horseback ride. Watch a bad movie together. Spend the rest of my life with you. Have our picture taken together. Eat ice cream with you. Make love to you passionately.I want to rub lotion all over your body because you laid out in the sun too long. I want to hold you when you cry and smile with you when you smile. I want to fall asleep every night with you in my arms. I want you to fall asleep on my chest listening to the beat of my heart and know it beats for you I want you to be the first thing I see when I wake up and the last thing I see when I go to sleep. I want to see your bad morning hair; I think it will be so cute. I want to sit on the beach with you and watch the sun set, and I want all the people who pass us to envy the love that we obviously have for each other.I want to see you walk down that isle and I want to take your hand for the rest of my life. I want to spend all night, and maybe the next day, making love to you with an undying passion (sorry to be so blunt). I want to sit there talking to you for hours about nothing at all but in the same time everything or maybe we won't talk at all and just grin at each other realizing how lucky we are. I want you to get mad at me for doing something stupid, and I want you to bust out laughing when you try to yell at me.

Lastly I want us to run outside in the rain and act like total kids getting completely soaked, and when we come back in stripping down to nothing as we stumble into the bedroom, or the kitchen counter, or the balcony, or the dining room table, or an office desk, or the shower, which ever one we feel like at the time.I want it to take your breath away every time I say, "I love you" because you know it's coming from the heart.I want us to sit down with a box of strawberries, a bottle of chocolate syrup, and a thing of mint chocolate ice cream; well, I'll let your imagination finish that one. I want to love you and be with you for at least forever if not a little longer. I couldn't really express in words what I'm feeling right now so I decided to share with you SOME of the images and thoughts that have been running through my head.I just want you to know that I had never found someone I wanted to spend the rest of my life with until I met you. I really am crazy about you, Everything about you.Spend all night thinking of 101 sweet things to do for you. Hold you and gaze into your eyes and realize how much I love you...and tell you. 

Love Always,



Love happens whether you want it.  

Give love a chance to swallow you up. Don't just think it will happen in a instant, it will surprise you before you know it, but it will be the most rewarding experience you will ever have.....You know when you're truly in love, when all you can do is just be speechless and stare at nothing 'cause you're just amazed that you just found this incredible person....I'll surrender my world to you if that is the only way I could become a part of yours......The beating of my heart is a drum, and it's lost, and it's looking for a rhythm like you....We attract love by the emotions we display; we retain love by the emotions we possess...... I don't need anyone to take advantage of my weaknesses or my strengths, I need someone who will appreciate me for everything that I am.....Never turn your head from love and later wonder why you have such a stiff neck.....Love is hard to find, but once you find it you won't regret it...... may not be your first, but to be your last would be perfect.....If I don't know what true love is, how will I ever find you.... but I think you're perfect, think of how amazing it will be to find the one who is you Don't let real love pass you by.....Love happens whether you want it.

Love and friendship is what I feel with you, it is not just that we are lovers, we are also friends, and that is what makes our relationship much better. The greatest of lovers don't make the best of friends, remember that, and when there comes a time when you feel that things can't get any worse, think of me, for I can try my best to bring you all the happiness in the world. I want to grow to love you more and more everyday, and I do not know right now what I would do without you. Sometimes I would like to think my love for you is like a great dream, I don't want to wake up because I don't want to lose that love. I will be by your side whenever you need me and I hope I am and always be in your heart and in your dreams forever.
Jose



 I want a life time with you

I am so afraid to love again. I am scared my little heart might get broken again. If you promise me that you would never hurt me. But, I am just so afraid to love again. IF you promise me a life of happiness. But, I am just totally afraid I will be lonely again. When, my heart got broken for the last time, I was just so afraid to cry because it was the wish of God., I want a life time with you, and for the last time. I am not going to be afraid to love again. I believe in my heart that you are serious about us. I will be happy to be your husband.I was afraid to love again, but God showed me the way so I am going to is guiding me in the right direction this time. So now I am not afraid to love you and Only you again.

Love always ,


I never feel less or more when I am writing to you

If I haven't told you - I am so lucky to have you in my life. I adore and love you so much! You are a wonderful woman and words cannot convey how much you mean to me. Just thinking about these feelings makes me tingle all over - to this day I still have butterflies in my stomach . I feel like these feelings should be left for teenagers only - I don't know if you understand what I am saying: it feels great to actually love and be love in return. I never feel less or more when I am writing to you; you always make me feel needed.most of all you make me feel safe, emotionally and mentally. Thank you for being part of my life. I'm very happy with you and I could not ask for a better woman than you. Thank you for being an exceptional woman - You are one of a kind


Jose


 I am all yours forever

I could describe you with one word... delicious. I dream of you here with me with nothing on but our imaginations.I can almost feel you here... caressing me... touching me.You are the fire burning inside of me; you are my passion for life.In the deep of the night I dream of your touch.I am dying to feel your touch all over my body..I can feel the fiery passion of desire begging to be shared in a blissful night of paradise.I love the way you love me.I want to evoke such a passion within you that leaves us both breathless..You are the fire that burns the passion within my soul..Loving you makes me desire you even more.Did you dream of me touching you last night?The passion we share together just leaves me wanting one thing… more!
We may have never touched each other or our lips have never kissed but I know in my heart you are VERY sweet to the taste from the tip of my tongue as it caresses your body ever so gently! Smile! I love you! I need you to be a part of me as we walk through the journey of life together and our love shall flow like a river together. I am all yours forever and ever!I want to make love to you every minute of every day.When you can count all the stars in the sky; that's when I'll stop wanting you.You are mine forever.

Jose


I only have my love to offer you

What does your love mean to me? I'd give you the oceans and the seas I'd give you all eternity if I could Make life easy for you, I would. I would take away all your pain Bring you sunshine instead of rain I would take all your hurt away Your sky would never be gray. I would offer you the moon and stars But you see I can't, they are not ours All these things I would give to you But My Darling, these things I can't do. I only have my love to offer you A love that would always be true I love you more than you will ever know With all I do for you, I hope that it shows.I hope that my love will be enough for you Bring you happiness your whole life through And In the end when my time is due My Darling, I will still go on loving you.

My love, passion, and devotion for you will never end,As long as you are in my life You are the reason I stay around,You make my life seem so sound. You helped me forget my past,Which is something I need to do?I thank you greatly for that,Is your love for me true? You wouldn't treat me like you do, If it was true That's what I am thinking, Would you?

Jose



I have you in my heart
It seems like we've been together for so long that I think I've known you forever. I feel the nearness of you even though I know we are miles apart. I feel your touch knowing we haven't been around together. I feel your breath knowing we haven't kissed. I have all these feelings because I am connected to you not physically but mentally and wholeheartedly. I have you in my heart since the day we got together. I could feel my heart beating fast every time I see your messages for me and your outpouring of love just enveloping with passions and emotions and I cannot help but shed a tear or two for all the wonderful things you say to me. I am looking forward to all those and we'll see to it that we do most, if not all, The things that you want us to do together.

I love you. I love every little thing about you. I love your cute smile, your magical eyes, and the sound of your voice. I love your gentle touch, and I love the warmth I feel when I’m by your side. I can't stop thinking about you as we are apart. I need you by my side. You complete me. You mean the world to me. You are the best thing that has ever happened to me. You are the one I've always wished for. I never thought that I would ever meet someone as special as you. I love each and every moment I share with you. 
Jose


I could never ask for better then what we have had.
My heart has already found it's way you. I want you and no one else. You mean everything to me. I think we should try and make this work. You have to know you're the one, and only one I want. Not only are you perfect for me, you're the perfect lover and I hope we can and will be more. I could never ask for better then what we have had. I hope you feel the same way because my heart is set on you, and only you,

I want to hold your hands to entangle it with mine and tell you we'll be holding our hands tightly together for us to be stronger and face whatever there is to face in our future. I want to caress your face and look into your eyes to tell you that we will be honest and loyal to each other while others will envy us. I want to feel our hearts beating like one because our love is one until the last breath we take knowing our love will never end. Jose




 I have neglected over the years of being lonely

 Honey,

I should be able to come and visit you this weekend but i will inform you once am back from a meeting, I have a business meeting i will be attending today i will keep you update once am back, I would like to feel your strong body knowing I will share it because you want me to and because our love knows no bound. Yes, I would do anything for you because you arise in me all the buried passion I have neglected over the years of being lonely....and being alone.

Love Always,I trust you with my loving heart, And I will forever cherish our memories.I will never let our love die,Because what we have is ENDLESS LOVE.
Jose



On Point 20     i had to inform you of the situation

My Love,

Honey, I just got back from the business meeting right now and i had to inform you of the situation. I really need your advise right now. I have two pending contracts i have been praying about for some weeks now which has been approved and awarded to me Today. One from England, UK and the other from Nigeria and i need to go for just one of the contract. this will only take me just 30 Working Days. I can only go for one of it now i need you to advise me on the one to go for you are part of my life and I can not do any thing without informing you any longer. But i wish to travel to Africa for the contract because i have not been there before and the contract deal amount is higher than the one in England. But i will like to know what you feel about this, i will be willing to read from you as soon as possible my love.

You and I will communicate and not let our anger get into our lives. We will laugh more and argue less. We will walk on the beach and see the waves break. We will eat ice cream with one cone for us to share. And yes.....we will share and keep our love together......FOREVER, MY DARLING!!!


I just got a confirmation of a pending contract which has been approved and awarded to me yesterday. I am to build and design a Power Plant Generating Transformer that can generate electricity through the Solar System. It's going to be executed in Lagos Nigeria. The work has to start as soon as possible (Tomorrow , if possible) .You have brought a lot into my life , and i promise i will never let you down.

My traveling document and papers have been put to place ,but my son would not love to stay back home alone , i told him if i should call you and he would come and spend time with you while i am out there for about a week or two and i will come and get him on my way back and we would then head home together but since i have not informed you , i have to book a sit for him too so we can leave this tonight together.I'm very sorry for the short notice .We'll be checking into an Hotel and we wont loose communication a bit because i just got a laptop with a Multi connection server,so i would be on through out the whole time and we wont loose communication a bit.I also have planned  towards your place so i can just meet you before i head back home.

I love you so much and i want you to know that I'm doing this to build up my career and making sure we have a wonderful future.I miss u so much and i wish i was already there with you.To hold u kiss u,touch you,cares you & Hug you tight and close,go on vacations with only you just like been on our honey moon.In life, we receive a wonderful opportunity, and that is to love. Love comes in many forms. You love people in different ways and for different reasons, depending upon how they have touched your life. Love is a very powerful word and can describe a multitude of feelings, but its main context carries the same meaning I want to tell you that the love I have for you is undying.

It is a love that is strong and enduring and will stand the test of time. I truly feel blessed that you have become a part of my life and I cannot wait for the day that we can join our lives together. I want to lay next to you at night and fall asleep in your arms, only to wake to your beautiful smile. I want to share in your joys and sorrows. I want to be your everything. You are everything to me.You are everything I do. You see and bring out the best in me. You are the one I want to share everything with - my thoughts, hopes and dreams. Thinking of you makes my heart feel full. You are such a source of inspiration for me. I will forever be indebted to you for all you have brought to my life.

So, to repay you, I promise you my heart and all the love in it for the rest of my life.I love you so much! To say this a million times is not enough to express how much I do. I love you dearly ... beyond the stars.I have to run over get my equipment's pack with my luggage's because i will need to ship those equipment's so as to make use of them and get ready for airport. Jose




Depressed! Billing Point
Hello My Love,
I'm writing this message in the middle of both unhappiness and depression..Though I am happy that I have you in my life. On the other hand, I am depressed because i had to ship an equipment before leaving and the equipment got lost in transit. Immediately after I got the confirmation that the contract has been approved, I shipped some  equipment so that I can get them and use them here for the project,That has been the reason why i tell you sometimes that i was busy. On getting to the airport today to pick the equipment, I discovered that the major one is missing. I tried to talk to the shipping company but they insisted that there is nothing they can do about it since I was the one that shipped them myself which i had no insurance for the shipment. I spoke to the man that was assigned for me as my assistant here and he told me we can find it in a company here.. We went to the company and we found the equipment, but the problem is the cost compared to what I have. The price for the equipment is $98,000 and I only have $81,500 cash with me. Honey Right now I need to get $16,500, I tried to use my debit cards here but it couldn't work because it got broken when i mistakenly sat on it, I would have love to call my bank but my bank will never release any money from my account if I am not present in person. This is the problem that I have honey. I would have loved to explain to the company that gave me the contract but this can wreck my career as it not presentable. I am confused and you are the only person that I can explain these to. I know it is not right for me to tell you all these but it is my problem and you are the only one I can tell. Honey, I know it is wrong for me to ask you for a help but I don't have any other person to tell. Honey I don't want you to feel bad about this I hope you could understand me. I need you to borrow me this fund so that I can get the equipment as soon as possible and start the work on time, honey, I really need you to help me out so that I can finish up and come to you on time. As soon as I arrive to you, I will pay you the fund. I will look up to read from you soon. I Love you so much Honey and You are my last hope.

Lots of Love