TRUST

You need trust to love, but first you need to love in order to trust.To love someone is to understand each other, to laugh together, to smile with your heart and to trust one another. One important thing is to let each other go if you can't do this.Love is like a wonderful feeling of compassion and satisfaction. It should be given respect and trust; and it should receive that love back.The best proof of love is trust.True love is the greatest thing that you can experience; it can weather any storm. Loving, trusting and respecting each other totally can bring you to true love and happiness.It's hard to love and hard to trust; but finding love and finding trust was a gift from you to me.Relationships should never be taken for granted.

Here is my chance to tell the world how lucky I am to have found an amazing woman like you. All my life I felt like I was meant to be alone, as if my someone took a wrong turn over a bridge before I could meet them. Then came you... suddenly my eyes went from clouded storms to small blue beacons. I was so sad, and you took away all that pain just by smiling.

Trust
You need trust to love, but first you need to love in order to trust.To love someone is to understand each other, to laugh together, to smile with your heart and to trust one another. One important thing is to let each other go if you can't do this.Love is like a wonderful feeling of compassion and satisfaction. It should be given respect and trust; and it should receive that love back.The best proof of love is trust.True love is the greatest thing that you can experience; it can weather any storm. Loving, trusting and respecting each other totally can bring you to true love and happiness.It's hard to love and hard to trust; but finding love and finding trust was a gift from you to me.Relationships should never be taken for granted. The choice of being with another life is an amazing thing. Trust, loyalty and respect are a must for eternal happiness. No matter how much you love someone if you don’t have these ingredients you will never succeed.To be in love means being patient but to be patient you must trust him/her  first.You can never find love through the eye or ear, so you must trust the only thing that will never fade until you die, your heart.Love is like trust, when you find your special someone it is as if you're trusting them with your heart.Trust is what you put in someone's hands. Faith is what you hold on to.Trust is what makes everyone realize that you are always there for them. Faith is what makes everyone realize that you are always there to help them in case they need some help. Love makes not everyone, but the only one in your life who is special, think that you are always there for her, to be with her, to cherish her, to fulfill her dreams, to share with her and most of all, to make her realize how much you really love her.Distance doesn't matter if you really love the person, what matters most is your honesty and trust for that relationship to work out.Without romance, love gets dry. Without respect, love gets lost. Without caring, love gets boring. Without honesty, love gets unhappy, and without trust, love gets unstable.Love is a wonderful gift; trust in it, believe in it, give it, and it will be returned to you to give again and again.You can get advice from family, friends and strangers, but the best advice comes from your heart; it never lies - trust it.There may be many people that are trustworthy, but only a few are worth trusting with your heart; choose wisely.To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved. For you can love many, but without trust you have nothing.The heart already knows what the mind can only dream of. Trust your heart.Distance cannot, and will not hurt a bond between two people that is based on mutual respect, trust, commitment, and love.Jealousy is not a sign of true love; it's insecurities that comes in the way, 'cause love has just one important ingredient: Trust.Do you trust me?Love means never doubting anything. It means trusting and being honest with each otherSomeone can be as beautiful on the outside as they are on the inside, but when he or she betrays your trust, they become the ugliest person in the world.Love is patient. Love is kind. It does not envy. It does not boast. It is not proud. It is not rude. It is not self-seeking. It is not easily angered. It keeps no record of wrong doing. It does not delight in evil, but rejoices in the truth. It always protects, trusts, hopes, perseveres.Love takes many things: trust, hope, wishes, dreams, and everything you've got, even when you know it's not going be enough.Love is not always fireworks and shooting stars; sometimes it's a simple understanding and trust between two people..
\
 
 
Everything you do for me reassures me that I am appreciated. I want you to know that you mean so much to me. From the first day we met, you were determined to get to know me. At first, I was skeptical about you because of your persistence, but you quickly grew on me. I want you to know that every moment we’ve spent together since that first day holds a special place in my heart. I was afraid at first that if I let you in I’d regret it, but I haven’t regretted a single moment. I trust you, and I know you’ll be there for me no matter what. I trust that you’ll be faithful to me and that you won’t hurt my heart. You tell me how you want only the best for me. You tell me how beautiful I am. You tell me how you love every curve of my body. You just make me feel extra special; make me feel a sense of warmth inside. I want you to know that I love you for this! I love you for being so caring and genuine. I love you for everything you’ve done for me. I love you for the happiness and joy you bring to my life. I love you for you! We don’t even need to talk to communicate with each other. By just being together, holding hands, or cuddling, we can sense each other’s thoughts and inner feelings. I want you to know that I want the best for you as well. I want you to succeed and I want all your dreams and fantasies to come true. I know that in me you see a young woman full of kindness, understanding, and compassion. A young woman with an open-heart. A young woman who puts a smile on your face everyday You may find someone better than me,
important than me, dearer than me,
but not the one who loves you more than me. Love the heart that hurts you
But never hurt the heart that loves you. Love is not something that happens on first sight,it happens when you start knowing each other and in turn end up needing each other, for every feeling,for every thought and for every moment.If i had one wish it would surely be
That God would keep you in my life
Throughout all eternity..  Love don’t asks “Who are you?”
Love only says “You are mine!”

Love don’t asks “Where are you from?”
Love only says ” You live in my heart!”

Love don’t asks “What do you do?”
Love only says “You make my heart to beat!”

Love don’t asks “Why are you faraway?”
Love only says “You are always with me!”
 
 
 
 
 
Hello dear how are u doing today,i am very happy how every day u are serious on me but i have been thinking of u dear and any time i see ur pic i feel like my heart is under constructed,Finding you has set my heart free. Each day it gets a little stronger and a little more willing to let you in. It gets harder and harder to fight this love I feel for you. I don't know how much fight I have left in me now and I feel I am reaching the end and am about to fall into this wonderful world of bliss that is your waiting arms. I hope when I fall you're there to catch me and safeguard something that I haven't given in a very long time - my heart.well bye for now dear i will be hoping to hear from you very soon...













198-382-4197
